Inpatient Discharge Summary
Metropolitan General Hospital
Eliza Thompson, MRN# 523781290, is a 54-year-old female, admitted to the Cardiology service for evaluation of chest pain and management of acute coronary syndrome.
Admission Date: 3/15/2023
Discharge Date: 3/20/2023
Attending Provider: Dr. Harold Greene
Treatment Team: Cardiology Team A
Admitting Diagnosis:
1. Acute coronary syndrome
2. Hypertension
Discharge Medications:
Aspirin 81 mg daily
Lisinopril 10 mg daily
Atorvastatin 40 mg daily
New prescriptions given with instructions for usage and side effects discussed.
Hospital Course:
Ms. Thompson presented to the emergency department on 3/15/2023 complaining of intermittent chest pain that began earlier in the morning. Initial EKG showed non-ST elevation. Cardiac biomarkers were elevated on admission. The patient was started on IV heparin and oral antiplatelets. Cardiac catheterization on 3/16/2023 revealed a 70% blockage in the left anterior descending artery. Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with stent placement was successfully performed.
Post-procedure, the patient's pain resolved and she remained hemodynamically stable throughout her hospital stay. She participated in a cardiac rehabilitation consultation and has been advised to continue rehab post-discharge.
Discharge Instructions:
Ms. Thompson is to follow a low-sodium diet, continue medications as prescribed, and monitor her blood pressure at home. She is advised to avoid heavy lifting and strenuous activity for at least one month. The importance of smoking cessation was discussed and resources were provided.
She should report any symptoms of chest pain, breathlessness, or lightheadedness immediately to her cardiologist, Dr. Harold Greene, or return to the emergency department.
Follow-Up Appointments:
Cardiology follow-up with Dr. Harold Greene on 4/10/2023 at Metropolitan General Hospital Cardiology Clinic. The appointment has been scheduled and the patient has been informed.
Signed:
Harold Greene, MD
Date: 3/20/2023
Time: 14:00 PM
This summary has been discussed with the patient and she understands her discharge care plan. She has been provided with a copy of her discharge instructions and pharmacy details for medication pickup.